Testing made some changes -----> Assignment 01:

1) Getting help on a specific command? 
Ans: man ls 		executes the help box on vim and shows a lot of options (where "ls" is a command).

2) The home row keys for manipulating your location in a document (h,j,k,l)?
ANS: Up one line : <cursor up> or k
     Down one line: j
     Right one character: l
     Left one character: h

3) Insertion? 
ANS: i		Begins while changing the command and insert text just before the cursor. 
     I		Insert text prior to the beginning of the cursor position in vim. 

4) Appending: 
ANS: Appending works when adding text at any place in the file. 
     a		Appends the text after cursor up to the time right before the "ESC" key is pressed.
     A 		Appends the text to the end of the ongoing line until "ESC" key is pressed. 

5) Substitution
ANS: r		command which replaces current character with the next one and no "ESC" needed. 
     R		command which replaces characters, beginning with the cursor position and until "ESC" pressed.


6) undoing the last command
ANS: U		Undo the last command made anywhere in the file (Using 'u' twice will undo the undo command). 
     u		Command that undo all the changes made on the line whatever is written.		


7) dropping into a command line mode
ANS: ESC, to get into vi mode. 


8) range-based deletion and substitution
ANS: x		Delete the single character under the cursor.
     dd		delete the entire current line.
     D		Delete some part of the line, including the present cursor. 



9) Finding a character or string in a document
ANS: /string	search forward string in the document in vim.
      n		repeat the last string


10)  four ways of quitting a document (not including ^c)

i)   x!		Quitting one's directory and saved all changes of the work in the vim.
     AND 
     wq!

ii)  :q!	Quitting one's directory without saving changes.
iii) :w		Writing, editing, and buffering to a new file name in vim.


11.  running a shell command from the editor.
ANS: :sh    executes all the shell commands 
     :!unix 
     